Adding Notion (#1863)
DataDog/integrations-extras: notion/README.md

# Agent Check: Notion

## Overview

> Event monitoring for Notion

Reviewer: The overview section should include the following: 

1. What does Notion do in 1-2 sentences
2. What will customers get from this integration? This should be clear to mutual customers and potential new customers 
3. What types of data are sent in and the value?

## Setup

> In Notion navigate to Setting & Members > Connections > Workspace Connections > +Add Connection > Datadog

Reviewer: This will need to reflect oauth steps

# Agent Check: Notion

## Overview

> Notion is a Connected Workspace. It's where modern teams create and share docs, take notes, manage projects, and organize knowledge-all in one place. Install Notion's integration with Datadog to manage and monitor your workspace activity in their Datadog Cloud SIEM. You can import your workspace's audit logs for real-time monitoring, alerting, and analysis. From there, you can detect and investigate potential security issues, suspicious behavior, and troubleshoot access with confidence and ease.

Reviewer 2: Adding a hyperlink for Cloud SIEM
```suggestion
Notion is a Connected Workspace. It's where modern teams create and share docs, take notes, manage projects, and organize knowledge, all in one place. Install Notion's integration with Datadog to manage and monitor your workspace activity in [Datadog Cloud SIEM][1]. You can import your workspace's audit logs for real-time monitoring, alerting, and analysis. From there, you can detect and investigate potential security issues, suspicious behavior, and troubleshoot access with confidence and ease.
```

> Notion is a Connected Workspace. It's where modern teams create and share docs, take notes, manage projects, and organize knowledge-all in one place. Install Notion's integration with Datadog to manage and monitor your workspace activity in their Datadog Cloud SIEM. You can import your workspace's audit logs for real-time monitoring, alerting, and analysis. From there, you can detect and investigate potential security issues, suspicious behavior, and troubleshoot access with confidence and ease.

Author: We sending events, in the product these events tie back to our Audit log

## Setup

In Notion navigate to Setting & Members > Connections > Workspace Connections > +Add Connection > Datadog. 

> This will start the OAuth flow with Datadog. Once you've successfully authenticated, you will be redirected back to Notion, an integration tile will be created in the workspace connections view. 

Reviewer: Users should be directed to kick off authorization from the Datadog tile. If a user kicks off authorization directly from your platform, this site parameter will not be sent, and the user will be prompted to select their site on the Datadog authorize page. Please update the instructions to reflect the above!

> This will start the OAuth flow with Datadog. Once you've successfully authenticated, you will be redirected back to Notion, an integration tile will be created in the workspace connections view. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This starts the OAuth flow with Datadog. After you are successfully authenticated, you are redirected back to Notion, and an integration tile is created in the workspace connections view. 
```

## Uninstallation
In Notion navigate to Setting & Members > Connections > Workspace Connections > ... next to Datadog > Disconnect

## Data Collected

> [Full list of events emitted from Notion](https://www.notion.so/notiondevs/SIEM-Integrations-Overview-309423e17dfa4c6d9a031cadff07ab6a?pvs=4#e384c9d013cb42cc9f98165730ab6f5c)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Full list of events emitted from Notion][1]
```

> [Full list of events emitted from Notion](https://www.notion.so/notiondevs/SIEM-Integrations-Overview-309423e17dfa4c6d9a031cadff07ab6a?pvs=4#e384c9d013cb42cc9f98165730ab6f5c)

Author: We're initially launching this as an early access program, therefore, this link will not be publicly available. Only select users can access it, if you'd like to review, I can add you.

## Support 

> Need help? Contact [Notion Support](team@makenotion.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need help? Contact [Notion Support][2]
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[1]: https://www.notion.so/notiondevs/SIEM-Integrations-Overview-309423e17dfa4c6d9a031cadff07ab6a?pvs=4#e384c9d013cb42cc9f98165730ab6f5c
[2]: team@makenotion.com
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

[1]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/security/cloud_siem/
[2]: https://www.notion.so/notiondevs/SIEM-Integrations-Overview-309423e17dfa4c6d9a031cadff07ab6a?pvs=4#e384c9d013cb42cc9f98165730ab6f5c
```

# Agent Check: Notion

## Overview

Notion is a Connected Workspace. It's where modern teams create and share docs, take notes, manage projects, and organize knowledge, all in one place. Install Notion's integration with Datadog to manage and monitor your workspace activity in [Datadog Cloud SIEM][1]. You can import your workspace's audit logs for real-time monitoring, alerting, and analysis. From there, you can detect and investigate potential security issues, suspicious behavior, and troubleshoot access with confidence and ease.

## Setup

Datadog setup
Open Datadog and go to Integrations > Integrations.

Search for "Notion".

Go to the Configuration tab and click Install Integration at the bottom.

In Notion navigate to Setting & Members > Connections > Workspace Connections > +Add Connection > Datadog. 

Notion will prompt you to follow a series of OAuth steps to authorize the integration with Datadog.

> Once connected, Notion will start sending near real-time data to Datadog.

Reviewer: OAuth should be kicked off from Datadog. Please update your steps to reflect the authorization kickoff from Datadog

Author: The OAuth is being kicked off from Datadog. I followed instructions that're very similar to Sofy's instructions (https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations?integrationId=sofy#:~:text=Connect%20Accounts-,Configuration,allowing%20you%20to%20monitor%20and%20analyze%20the%20results%20in%20real%20time.,-All) this is identical to Notion's flow.

Reviewer: Once they install the integration, they will need to click connect accounts in the Notion tile within Datadog like Sofy listed. Once they click connect accounts, what will the customer see?

## Uninstallation

> In Notion navigate to Setting & Members > Connections > Workspace Connections > ... next to Datadog > Disconnect

Reviewer: Please include the oauth uninstallation as seen [here](https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/integrations/oauth_for_integrations/#publish-the-oauth-client)

## Data Collected

> [Full list of events emitted from Notion][2]

Reviewer 3: The Data Collected tab only renders on the tile if an integration is sending in metrics, so this link will never appear on your tile. Instead, please remove the `## Data Collected` header and section, and move this into the Overview section. I'd also recommend adding some text around it, such as:

To see the full list of events submitted by Notion, see our [documentation][2].

# Agent Check: Notion

## Overview

Notion is a Connected Workspace. It's where modern teams create and share docs, take notes, manage projects, and organize knowledge, all in one place. Install Notion's integration with Datadog to manage and monitor your workspace activity in [Datadog Cloud SIEM][1]. You can import your workspace's audit logs for real-time monitoring, alerting, and analysis. From there, you can detect and investigate potential security issues, suspicious behavior, and troubleshoot access with confidence and ease.

## Setup

Datadog setup

Go to the Configuration tab and click Install Integration at the bottom.

Click Connect Accounts to redirect to Settings & Members in Notion

Login to Notion then navigate to Connections > Workspace Connections > +Add Connection > Datadog. 

Notion will prompt you to follow a series of OAuth steps to authorize the integration with Datadog.

Once connected, Notion will start sending near real-time data to Datadog.

## Uninstallation

> In Notion navigate to Setting & Members > Connections > Workspace Connections > ... next to Datadog > Disconnect
> 
> In Datadog navigate to Organization Settings > API Keys > Notion OAuth Client API Key > Revoke Key

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Once this integration has been uninstalled, any previous authorizations are revoked.
Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the [API Keys page][4].

In Notion navigate to Setting & Members > Connections > Workspace Connections > ... next to Datadog > Disconnect
```

## Data Collected

> [Full list of events emitted from Notion][1]
> 
> ## Support 
> Need help? Contact [Notion Support][2]
> 
> [1]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/security/cloud_siem/
> [2]: https://www.notion.so/notiondevs/SIEM-Integrations-Overview-309423e17dfa4c6d9a031cadff07ab6a?pvs=4#e384c9d013cb42cc9f98165730ab6f5c
> [1]: https://www.notion.so/notiondevs/SIEM-Integrations-Overview-309423e17dfa4c6d9a031cadff07ab6a?pvs=4#e384c9d013cb42cc9f98165730ab6f5c
> [2]: team@makenotion.com

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
[Full list of events emitted from Notion][2]

## Support 
Need help? Contact [Notion Support][3]

[1]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/security/cloud_siem/
[2]: https://www.notion.so/notiondevs/SIEM-Integrations-Overview-309423e17dfa4c6d9a031cadff07ab6a?pvs=4#e384c9d013cb42cc9f98165730ab6f5c
[3]: mailto:team@makenotion.com
[4]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys?filter=Notion
```

# Agent Check: Notion

## Overview

Notion is a Connected Workspace. It's where modern teams create and share docs, take notes, manage projects, and organize knowledge, all in one place. Install Notion's integration with Datadog to manage and monitor your workspace activity in [Datadog Cloud SIEM][1]. You can import your workspace's audit logs for real-time monitoring, alerting, and analysis. From there, you can detect and investigate potential security issues, suspicious behavior, and troubleshoot access with confidence and ease.

## Setup

> Datadog setup
> 
> Go to the Configuration tab and click Install Integration at the bottom.
> 
> Click Connect Accounts to redirect to Settings & Members in Notion
> 
> Login to Notion then navigate to Connections > Workspace Connections > +Add Connection > Datadog. 
> 
> Notion will prompt you to follow a series of OAuth steps to authorize the integration with Datadog.
> 
> Once connected, Notion will start sending near real-time data to Datadog.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
1. Open the Notion tile and click _Install Integration_.

2. Click _Connect Accounts_ to redirect to _Settings & Members_ in Notion.

3. Login to Notion, then navigate to _Connections_ > _Workspace Connections_ > _+Add Connection_ > _Datadog_. 

4. Notion prompts you to follow a series of OAuth steps to authorize the integration with Datadog.

Once connected, Notion starts sending near real-time data to Datadog.
```

1. let's also add a link to the tile in the first step
2. after you click Connect Accounts and redirect, is there anything else you do on that Settings & Members page?
3. only in the third step do you login to Notion... will the previous step redirect properly if you don't login beforehand?

## Uninstallation
Once this integration has been uninstalled, any previous authorizations are revoked.
Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the [API Keys page][4].

In Notion navigate to Setting & Members > Connections > Workspace Connections > ... next to Datadog > Disconnect

## Data Collected

> [Full list of events emitted from Notion][2]

Reviewer 5: Please create a `metadata.csv` file that lists these events. You can look at other integrations in this repo for an example.

Reviewer 5: nevermind, misread this as metrics vs events!

Reviewer 3: Spoke offline - this file is only for metrics, so you can leave it blank in this PR (but please add it back in as a blank file :) )

# Agent Check: Notion

## Overview

Notion is a Connected Workspace. It's where modern teams create and share docs, take notes, manage projects, and organize knowledge, all in one place. Install Notion's integration with Datadog to manage and monitor your workspace activity in [Datadog Cloud SIEM][1]. You can import your workspace's audit logs for real-time monitoring, alerting, and analysis. From there, you can detect and investigate potential security issues, suspicious behavior, and troubleshoot access with confidence and ease.

## Setup

Datadog setup
Open Datadog and go to Integrations > Integrations.

> Search for "Notion".

Reviewer: This shows on the Notion tile so the first two steps are not needed since they will already be on the Notion tile

Author: @emarsha94 I've updated this in the latest commit. Given that I made this change last week, I'd kindly ask that Datadog review changes as they are requested as that will limit the back and forth and expedite this process.

Go to the Configuration tab and click Install Integration at the bottom.

Click Connect Accounts to redirect to Settings & Members in Notion

Login to Notion then navigate to Connections > Workspace Connections > +Add Connection > Datadog. 

Notion will prompt you to follow a series of OAuth steps to authorize the integration with Datadog.

> Once connected, Notion will start sending near real-time data to Datadog.

Reviewer: @estherk15 Should this be bulleted or numbered?
